Blog: 2.10 Release w/Blog Tile (#2697)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2024/10/flowfuse-release-2-10.md

---
title: "FlowFuse 2.10: MQTT Broker, Improved Version Control & More!"
subtitle: Let's take a look at the new features and improvements in FlowFuse 2.9
description: Let's take a look at the new features and improvements in FlowFuse 2.9
date: 2024-10-24
authors: ["joe-pavitt"]
image: /blog/2024/10/images/tile-release-2-10.png
tags:
   - posts
   - flowfuse
   - releases
---

With FlowFuse 2.10 we've added some new major features, as well as improvements across the board for FlowFuse users.

Most notably, FlowFuse now offers it's own MQTT service, with the option to create MQTT client credentials for your teams, making it even easier and quicker to build your full-stack Node-RED applications.

<!--more-->

## MQTT Broker

> This is a significant milestone for FlowFuse, as we're now offering our own MQTT service. We have listened to a lot of feedback from users and prospective customers, and this has consistently been a regularly requested offering, and so we are delighted to announce that this is now live on FlowFuse Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a significant milestone for FlowFuse, as we're now offering our own MQTT service. We have listened to a lot of feedback from users and prospective customers, and this has consistently been a regularly requested offering, and so we are delighted to announce that this is now live on FlowFuse Cloud for our Enterprise teams.
```

![Screenshot of the UI to manage your MQTT clients](./images/screenshot-mqtt-client-config.png){data-zoomable}

This feature allows you to run and manage your own MQTT Clients alongside your Node-RED instances, making it easier to build full-stack applications within FlowFuse.

### Pricing

> From today, Team and Enterprise tier customers on FlowFuse Cloud will be able to create up to 20 clients on their accounts at **no extra cost**.
> 
> In the near future, users will then be able to purchase additional clients above the (current) threshold of 20, more details on that pricing will follow soon too.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From today, Enterprise teams on FlowFuse Cloud will be able to create up to 20 clients on their accounts at **no extra cost**.

In the near future, users will then be able to purchase additional packs of clients to add to their team.

Self-hosted Enterprise customers will be able to make use of this feature in our next release.
```
